well fly quest and a crazy final third
game of their series against Team Liquid
just one and with that their chances of
staying alive in the LCS are still alive
moon what was the crate that was that
match light because I assume just on
stage it once went crazy
well I played really bad I
played like really terrible I don't
really know I feel like we should a lost
art I definitely out done told me but it
seems like we just saw the better team
like him were the better team a team
fighting and seems like we also drafted
them like for late-game comps I think
right now we're currently trying to
figure out if we're out of LCS or how it
works like if we have to win tomorrow
yeah or like ready on broadcast was
saying you guys are Oh everyone on
broadcast was saying you are not
necessarily out of relegation depending
on what happens tomorrow yeah so right
now we're just trying to figure that out
and then honestly it would be pretty
nice if like we are out without having
to win but beating p1 is should be fine
if we can't be p1 that we probably
deserve to be in relegation so that's
why your scoot over just a little bit
just so I know because people don't
realize that I don't have a camera
person right now this is just all me
hoping for the best so we have lemons
still asking him a bunch of questions
about how this stuff works
I like how complicated is there trying
to figure out I need a riser give me a
rider I need to talk to a rider give me
the breakdown do we know what the
verdict alright well we'll find out in a
second alright so obviously things still
developing on that front as balls eating
a McDonald's sandwich he is if it's from
like four hours five hours big early
yeah he's just killed a life we get
certain he's not even eating it he's
just holding like a quarter left
oh no they're yes who's eating okay
action-packed I saw he did a video where
he it was like a workout video yeah
everybody was coming out next week I'm
cooking I cooked
yeah I cooked cookies and I baked
cookies and a cake and they turned out
really good like everyone rated I'm
really high rigor
they didn't look good but they tasted
really good I give you as it as simple
as his workout video because his workout
video was like here's how you do a
push-up
I feel like everybody everybody has got
to figure it out if yours is just like
all right you take the dough or the
batter and you put it in this pan and
you put it in the oven and then it comes
out my buddy's looking like six hours to
shoot I spent all day on a Sunday
yeah all right so this is this good
hopefully gets you guys some fans now
this oh you looked he taught me how to
make a cake that now I'm a huge fan of
man did you push up he thought we had
like a cake now I know how to do
push-ups it's a very interesting series
by the way you're still trying to figure
out what happens tomorrow yeah can we
ask them when they come by because I'm
not very curious what's happening assume
we can ask them I'm very excited about
this I love you better I've been okay I
mean okay trying to figure out if I'm
going to be able to my interview with
Avila right now and and because I'm
supposed to interviewer you know she's
doing broadcast stuff yeah did she did
she interview you know get turtle I
played terrible I'm not gonna until I
get that shooter out of here okay
so yeah I'm very excited about that so
things going well with me there let's
talk a little bit I've been actually
talking to several different junglers
today you're escaping again and I'm just
really nervous you're going to get out
of the camera shot I've been talking to
several different junglers today how do
you feel about the current situation
with a jungler or jungle and also how do
you feel about all these patches that
are hitting like making big changes one
after the other I think Joe hosana seen
a fine spot right now catch-up
experience could volley get nerfed I
remember there like the one game that I
died two Raptors I was like level three
and then I cleared my entire jungle and
a level stakes so it's probably a little
bit over tuned but I think it's honestly
fine like there's ways to play around it
I think the meadow changes are fine I
mean right always does that the meta
right now is like a lot of tank junglers
and I think I'm probably not the best at
that so I'm working hard I like trying
to improve my maokai and zach and stuff
like that well yeah I think right now
the game is actually pretty enjoyable
and it's in like a pretty good spot all
right and then also how do you do you
think you guys still have a chance at
Worlds because you do technically still
have a chance at Worlds but do you feel
like that is a realistic like you're in
your mind you think I could be in China
in two months
ah well we have the team that ran it
through college before we have a three
out of the five players yeah I've never
ran it through college but I honestly
feel like there's like nothing to lose
you know so I think our chances are
pretty high if we're in gauntlet like
it's a lot more height so then they get
through college then playoffs I honestly
think like it's better
to just go through gauntlet anyways if
you go through play-off like it's not
exciting no one really cares like you're
just there you go through gauntlet it's
like the most hype thing ever so I think
our plan is going like pretty well so
far
as long as we win tomorrow we go into
gauntlet which I'm not really sure how
it works it's good for us we're still
figuring us so at this point in time I'm
not even sure if right understands how
it works and the uber is here too so
easy to wrap this up all right
what would you say doing the flight
quest fans I rooted for you guys last
year saw you in the playoffs and now
I've just been a little disappointed
yeah they must really hit us I don't
know sorry for your sucking we're like
five and twelve or something I really
saw a flux worse for us than it does for
you guys I promise you so thanks for
sticking in there hopefully we went into
Marvis p1 and we run it through the
gauntlet and go to Worlds thank you so
much moon we're just with Thomas what is
the verdict are you guys safe because
we've been talking about this in the
interview probably not safe okay so what
are the you had to be p1 and let's team
like good wins okay yeah okay for
weights how you be good so team Lee
could once you guys are probably good
all right well I'm yeah but see liquid
winning uh is it alright well who knows
do you know who they play tomorrow no
okay so do they played around Dignitas
okay that's not looking good all right
is there you already said your bit too
the thing is everything you want to say
to me I love you could check out the
rest of our career back you think
otherwise we're covered to fall things
these sorts here on the YouTube channel
he was here earlier and he's like
standing right here
and he put the bark down and now we're
recording alright so hopefully this
isn't focus and everything works out
okay yeah I know I know oh this is what
I've become I have no power you have a
studio all right